Start docs on compilation process (#382)
compintell/Mooncake.jl: docs/src/developer_documentation/compilation_process.md

This format is obtained from `CodeInfo`, used to perform most optimizations in the Julia IR in the [evaluation pipeline](https://docs.julialang.org/en/v1/devdocs/eval/), then converted back to `CodeInfo`.

The function `normalise!` is a custom pass to modify `IRCode` and make some expressions nicer to work with.
The possible expressions one can encountered in lowered ASTs are documented [here](https://docs.julialang.org/en/v1/devdocs/ast/#Lowered-form).

Reverse-mode specific stuff: return type retrieval, `ADInfo`, `bbcode.jl`, `zero_like_rdata.jl`. The `BBCode` structure was a convenience for IR transformation.

Beyond the [`interpreter`](https://github.com/compintell/Mooncake.jl/blob/main/src/interpreter/) folder, check out [`tangents.jl`](https://github.com/compintell/Mooncake.jl/blob/main/src/tangents.jl) for forward mode.

`FData` and `RData` are not useful in forward mode, `Tangent` is the right representation.

For testing, `generate_test_functions` from [`test_resources.jl`](https://github.com/compintell/Mooncake.jl/blob/src/test_utils.jl) should all pass.
Recycle the functionality from reverse mode test utils.

To manipulate `IRCode`, check out the fields:

> - `ir.argtypes` is the signature. Some are annotated with `Core.Const` to facilitate constant propagation for instance. Other annotations are `PartialStruct`, `Conditional`, `PartialTypeVar` (see `_type`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `ir.argtypes` is the signature. Some are annotated with `Core.Const` to facilitate constant propagation for instance. Other annotations are `PartialStruct`, `Conditional`, `PartialTypeVar`. `Core.Compiler.widenconst` is used to extract types from these.
```

We can deduce the CFG from the statements but not the other way around: it's only composed of blocks of statement indices.
In forward mode we shouldn't have to modify anything but `ir.stmts`.
Do line by line transformation of the statements and then possibly refresh the CFG.

Example of line-by-line transformations are in `make_ad_stmts!`.
The `IRCode` nodes are not explicitly documented in <https://docs.julialang.org/en/v1/devdocs/ast/#Lowered-form> or <https://docs.julialang.org/en/v1/devdocs/ssair/#Main-SSA-data-structure>. Might need completion of official docs, but Mooncake docs in the meantime.

Inlining pass can prevent us from using high-level rules by inlining the function (e.g. unrolling a loop).
The contexts in [`interpreter/contexts.jl`](https://github.com/compintell/Mooncake.jl/blob/src/interpreter/contexts.jl) are `MinimalCtx` (necessary for AD to work) and `DefaultCtx` (ensure that we hit all of the rules).
Distinction between rules is not well maintained in Mooncake at the moment.
The function `is_primitive` defines whether we should recurse into the function during AD and break it into parts, or look for a rule.

> Typically if we define a rule we should set `is_primitive` to `true` for the corresponding function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If we define a rule we should set `is_primitive` to `true` for the corresponding function.
```
